hey guys hey you going this is Billy 8th
world and today we're gonna take a look
at some of the changes to the DMR
category in the recent spring patch not
that many youtubers have been talking
about this topic but I really love the
DMR so I thought I'd let you guys know
how they've changed personally I think
this category was fine the way it was
but clearly dice didn't agree and so
they've rolled out a bunch of buffs and
quite a few nerves the problem is is
that the nerves probably outweigh the
buffs at this point which seems pretty
stupid considering the DMR's were
already one of the least popular
categories admittedly I don't think the
nerves are all that bad
but still I just don't quite understand
why dice even thought this was necessary
I mean on the other hand they've buffed
the shotguns which compared to the DMR's
weren't all that bad or unpopular to
begin with it's hard to say whether the
balancing in the spring patch was good
or bad in general but there's definitely
been a lot of fixing stuff that wasn't
broken the DMR's definitely fit into
this category so if you're a fan of the
DMR's then you should be aware that they
might not be the same as you remember so
what's happened to the DMR as well to
begin with spread decrease has been
reduced for most of the weapons in-game
which is a big deal for semi-auto
weapons DMR's have always been precision
weapons though and this should really
only be an issue if you spam the trigger
so Pacey shots out and you should be
fine also quite a few DMR's have had a
reduction to horizontal recoil which
isn't a huge buff but it is worth
mentioning as a trade-off though pretty
much all the DMR's have had a nerve to
80s with some guns now twice as
inaccurate as they were before the patch
now another interesting change to the
DMR's has been a rebalance of the first
shot recoil multiplier and vertical
recoil basically all of the DMR's have
had their first shot multiplier cut in
half but as a trade-off the vertical
recoil has also been doubled I've heard
a lot of people say that this was to
prevent spamming but as far as I can
tell no matter how you do the
calculations the vertical recoil is
still the same this also factors in
attachments and as far as I know the
multiplier doesn't affect horizontal
recoil so this seems like a token change
more for consistency rather than
you think hell's the last really
important change to the category though
has been the headshot multiplier buff
which applies to everything except the
DMR's pretty much every other weapon
category in game now has a multiplier of
more than two point one three while the
DMR's are still stuck at two I can't
understand why they didn't change this
for DMR's though because a two shot
headshot at all ranges is kind of a bit
ridiculous that being said though this
is still effectively a nerf which now
makes the DMR's less effective compared
to other guns than they previously were
now barring all of this in mind are the
DMR still good weapons well as you can
see in this gameplay the SKS is still a
beast
I think the first game I played with
this gun after the patch I went 24 and 3
which just goes to show that they still
can be viable weapons
I think the SKS has probably come
through this patch a bit better than
most of the DMR's though because they
finally buffed its bullet drop stats
were realistic 9.81 the m39 is probably
still the best all-round DMR though
because with the new accuracy model
across the category it's now only
slightly less accurate than the
competition in general the DMR category
is still pretty decent but like I said
before I never expected any changes as
drastic as this DMR started out as
probably the least effective category
and it's sad to see them nerfed when
they were finally a decent alternative
to automatic weapons
I really hope dice reverse what they've
done to the accuracy of these guns in
particular because although it's not a
huge problem it's still an unnecessary
change I'm all fine with patching what
needs to be patched but the DMR's
weren't really bothering anyone
and all this patch has done is make the
category even less popular but anyway
guys that just about wraps up this video
so let me know what you think in the
comment section below and as always if
you like what you see don't forget to
Like comment and subscribe also check
out the links in the description below
if you want to see more of my videos or
if you'd like to support my channel on
patreon and until next time see you
later and have a good one